Rename to OriginVault (#244)
project-origin/wallet: README.md

> # Project Origin - OriginVault

Reviewer: Why do we need the rename?

It would not be in the interest of the parties having to create local accounts for owners from another country, when ownership of a GC changes.
Similar banks don't create local accounts when money is transferred to an entity in another country.

Multiple entities want the ability to enable its users to have a wallet, and to be able to interact with the system as a whole.

## Solution

The introduction of an `OriginVault` resolves these challenges by offering a service that can be hosted anywhere.

OriginVault will enable the individual GC slice to always remain in one of the different registries,
while enabling the users to have wallets placed in at a provider or self-hosted.

> It will give the users to centralize control of their assets.

Reviewer 2: Blockchain is inherently about decentralization. Using the phrase "centralize", could therefor confuse people. I suggest rephrasing to focus on the flexibility:

```suggestion
It offers users the option to either entrust their wallets to a service provider or to manage them independently through self-hosting. This approach enhances user control and personalizes the management of their assets.
```

Reviewer 3: I have a proposal for the "WalletSystem"

`WalletSystem -> Keep`

A keep is a castle with limited and crontrollable access from the medieval times, here is a sketch of a keep, a safe place to store your wallets with access control and security build in.
![image](https://github.com/project-origin/wallet/assets/3016694/b0c2f4ae-5137-483a-85db-ae13a3bccd9c)
 and here is the wiki article about that describes a keep [keep](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keep)
